Behold! The king of the Koopas!
Open the gates or die!
Attack!
That is but a taste of our fury.
Do you yield?
I do not.
No.
I've finally found it.
And now, no one can stop me!
It's-a me, a-Mario!
And-a Luigi!
Are you-a tired of a-paying
too much for plumbing?
Mamma mia!
That's a-why
the Super Mario Brothers are here.
- A-to save Brooklyn.
- And-a Queens.
And-a your wallet.
Thank you, Super Mario Bros.
It seems like the only thing
you haven't drained
is my bank account.
Forget-a the expensive
a-plumbing companies
a-where you're just a face-a.
With-a Super Mario Brothers-a,
you're family.
Wow. You were great.
I was great? Are you kidding me?
You were great!
I am so glad we spent our life
savings on this commercial.
That is not a commercial!
That is cinema.
What about the accents?
Is it... Is it too much?
Too much? It's-a perfect.
Okay, I'm gonna trust you.
Well, well, well.
If it isn't
Brooklyn's favorite failures
the Stupid Mario Brothers.
Aw, great. Spike's here.
Hey, Spike.
Yeah. "It's-a me!"
Yeah.
Tell me,
have you even gotten one call
since you left me
to start your dumb company?
As a matter of fact,
Spike, we have.
Wow. Really?
Yeah. Our mom called
and she said, "Oh, boys, that's
the best commercial I've ever seen!"
And I said, "Thank you very much,
Mother. We're very proud of it."
So, boom!
Good luck running
a business with this idiot.
Say that again about my brother,
and you're gonna regret it.
Oh, yeah?
Get this through
your tiny brain, Mario.
You're a joke,
and you always will be.
Are you insane?
He's three times your size.
Luigi, come on.
You know,
you can't be scared all the time.
You'd be surprised.
Hello, Super Mario Brothers.
A drip in your faucet? That's great!
I mean, that's great you called us
because we can be there
and we can fix it right away. Okay.
Mario, we got one!
The Super Mario Brothers
are in business!
Oh, no. We're gonna be late.
No, we're not. Come on. Let's go.
Hey, wait up.
This way.
Come on, Lu. Step on it.
Excuse you.
Here you go!
Mario. What're you doin'?
Hey! Get off of there!
You can't be in...
My bad!
- Move it up!
- I'm...
- We're working here!
- Sorry. So sorry.
Come on, Luigi. Pump those legs.
I'm trying. I'm trying.
I got bad knees.
Oh, wow. We have hit the big time.
The drip is right upstairs
at the end of the hall.
- Can you fix it?
- Very confident, sir.
You'll be careful
about making a mess?
Ma'am, I assure you,
we don't make messes.
We fix 'em.
That's Francis.
He likes you!
Mama... mama love ya, baby.
Wrench?
And a first job complete.
- Hey!
Francis is here.
Hey there, pal.
Mario! Do something!
Mamma mia!
Mario?
That hellhound is gonna escape!
No, he won't.
Hey, Mario?
Who's a good puppy?
Who's a good boy?
Found the problem!
- Ma, you make these?
- Good batch, hey?
Hey-o!
It's the Super Mario Brothers,
from the TV!
They give an Oscar for worst actors?
- Hey!
- What'd I do?
So... So everybody saw
the commercial then?
We seen it.
- And?
- I wouldn't quit your day job.
Oops! He already did.
Well, I thought it was incredible.
It belongs in a movie theater.
Mushrooms?
Everybody loves mushrooms, right?
- I like mushrooms. I'll take it.
- Yeah.
Mario, seriously.
What were you thinking
with that commercial?
What? It's supposed to be funny.
- Can someone pass the bread?
- Yeah, but what's with the outfits?
Plumbers wearing white gloves?
That's right, you gotta have
a trademark. Gotta stand out.
Don't listen to them.
The world laughed at da Vinci too.
I'm not sure they did, Ma.
Dad, what did you think?
I think you're nuts.
You don't leave a steady job
for some crazy dream.
And the worst part?
You're bringing
your brother down with you.
Well, thanks, Dad.
Thanks for your support.
What'd I say?
Thanks for tuning in
to News Channel 4.
Hey.
You're not bringing me down.
You know what?
What do they know, huh?
It's not just them.
Our whole lives,
everyone's telling us
we can't do this, we can't do that.
I'm sick and tired
of feeling so small.
A water main burst underground today
stopping subway service
and flooding downtown Brooklyn.
Everything is under control,
I promise you.
We are very close to fixing this.
Out of the way!
Somebody help!
Somebody save Brooklyn!
Save Brooklyn?
Luigi, this is our chance.
Destiny is calling.
Destiny Del Vecchio,
from high school?
What? No! Just come on.
Look for a gate valve, huh?
It's more than
the storm drains can handle.
Come on. We gotta pump it.
I got this.
They're not even looking
in the right place.
Come on, Lu.
You are not seriously considering...
Mario!
We gotta get to that pressure valve.
Mamma mia!
Mario!
I knew saving Brooklyn
was a bad idea.
Come on.
Whoa.
What is this place?
Looks like nobody's been
down here for years.
Luigi?
Luigi, are you in there?
What?
Whoa!
Luigi!
Mario!
Give me your hand!
It's all gonna be okay.
How is this gonna be okay?
I'm telling you, nothing can hurt us
as long as we're together.
Mario!
Luigi!
Do not touch that mushroom!
You'll die!
Oh, I'm sorry.
That one's perfectly fine.
That's a little mushroom man.
A little mushroom man talking to me.
Pleased to meet ya. I'm Toad.
Mario.
So, this is... This is...
This is not a dream?
- That hurt, right?
- Yes!
Definitely not a dream.
Then it's... This place is...
The Mushroom Kingdom!
Mushrooms. Really?
Now, that is a cruel twist of fate.
Hello.
Yeah, I'm actually looking
for somebody. My brother, in fact.
He looks exactly like me,
but tall and skinny and green.
See, last time I saw him,
he was falling through a pipe.
It was foggy,
and I believe there was lava.
That is not good.
Your brother has landed
in the Dark Lands.
They're under... Bowser's control.
Bowser?
He's the most evil,
wretched creature alive.
I'm taking you to see the princess.
She can help you.
She can do anything.
Princess?
Come on, Mario!
Our big adventure begins now!
Hang on, Luigi.
Mario?
Where are you?
Huh?
Yes!
You just got a-Luigi'd.
This way, Mario. The princess
lives right on that hill.
Do you wanna go or not?
Excuse me, everybody.
Coming through!
Got a big adventure happening
right now. Just clear a path for us.
- If I could just...
- Here you go.
Excuse me.
Excuse me, everybody.
Coming through.
This guy's brother
is going to die imminently.
- What?
- Out of the way, please.
Just trying to clear a path.
That's all I'm doing.
He's gonna be fine.
- Chanterelle!
- Morning!
- Nice to see you, bud!
- Hi.
Does this thing work?
Yes, works great.
You just have to blow into it.
And up we go!
Wait, up?
Okay, so these bricks are
just floating here?
Just pop in this pipe
and we're on our way.
It's the only way to fly, man!
Oh, wow. Love these pi...
Huh?
Oh, come on!
Here we are. Palace doors.
Bing, bang, boom!
Come on!
Pretty impressive, am I right?
Hold it right there, you two!
Oh, hey! I need to see the princess.
It's an emergency.
What princess?
I never heard of any princess.
Oh, wait, I did. Our princess,
though, is in another castle.
Oh, yeah. That's right.
You should try another castle, maybe.
She ain't in this one.
- Huh?
- Okay, so they're messing with you
and I don't like it.
What do you guys...
What do you wanna eat?
Anything... Anything
your hearts desire.
Go. I am ready to scramble it up.
Hey! Intruder!
Stop him!
Intruder!
Now! Stop him!
Council, your attention.
Bowser has found the Super Star
and is headed toward our kingdom.
Its power will make him invincible.
We will be destroyed.
Princess, what are we gonna do?
I will not let him hurt you.
We are going to stop Bowser.
How? Look at us. We're adorable!
I'm going to convince
the great Kong army to help us.
Together, we'll annihilate
that monster.
Their mad king
doesn't make alliances.
The Kongs will never agree.
I can convince him.
I'll leave for the Jungle Kingdom
in the morning.
Good luck, Princess.
For all our sakes.
Princess!
Princess! I...
Wait. Release him.
Are you...
No.
He's a human!
I mean, you are a human, right?
- It's just, you're so small, and...
- Hey!
Wait... Let's go back.
Where did you come from?
Me and my little brother, Luigi,
we fell down this pipe.
And now he's lost
somewhere in the Dark Lands.
Then it's only a matter of time
until he's captured by Bowser.
But you're in luck.
I'm on my way to stop him.
Well, take me with you.
This guy's a lunatic. A psycho.
He will eat you for breakfast.
He won't even notice it, probably,
'cause you're very, very small.
You know what?
Make fun of me all you want
but you are gonna
help me find my brother.
Please?
Well, okay.
Let's see what you're made of.
Is that a "yes"?
No. That's a
"let's see what you're made of."
If you can finish this,
you're coming with me.
Watch and learn.
That was amazing.
Wait. How am I supposed to do that?
With the Power-Ups.
They give us special abilities.
Really?
Go on. Eat it.
Now, this has to be a mushroom?
'Cause I just hate mushrooms and...
Okay...
- Are you sure there's not a...
- Down the hatch.
Yep, there it is. And all gone.
Not cool.
Huh?
- I'm tall.
- And strong.
And you can jump.
I got this. No problem.
Oh, no!
Oh, yeah.
When you get hit,
you lose the power.
Great.
Come on. Try again.
Yes!
Well, we have a long journey
ahead of us, Mustache.
But I didn't make it.
You almost did.
No one gets it right away.
How many tries did it take you?
Oh, so many. I was not good at it.
Worse than you.
You got it right away, didn't you?
I got it right away,
but I grew up here.
Okay, now you're just trying
to make me feel better.
No! No.
Is it working?
A little bit. Yeah.
My army!
- Koopas,
- Yeah!
Goombas
whatever those things are!
After years of searching for
the Super Star, it is finally ours.
- Yeah!
- I am now
the most powerful turtle
in the world.
Yeah!
Soon, we will arrive
at the Mushroom Kingdom.
Yeah!
Where, after years
of being sworn enemies
I will ask their princess to marry me
in a fairy-tale wedding!
Yeah!
Eh?
Yeah.
Did he say marry their princess?
Doesn't she hate you?
Of course she hates me.
But that makes me
love her all the more.
Her heart-shaped bangs,
the way she floats in the breeze
her immovable tiara.
And when she sees this star...
Wedding bells.
What if she says no?
Then I will power up with this star
and destroy the Mushroom Kingdom!
- Yeah!
- Prepare yourselves
for the best wedding ever!
It's gonna rock!
They're all counting on us.
No pressure.
Yay!
- Yeah!
- Hooray!
Huh?
Good luck!
My Toads
our days of terror are almost over.
With the help of the Kong army,
we will stop...
Who's he?
He's not important!
Nervous?
Who? Me?
Yes, a little.
We're going on an adventure
Come on, guys!
Hey, Mario.
You know this guy?
We're best friends.
But are we?
Don't worry. I will protect you.
A Toad brave enough to join me.
I fear nothing.
Well, that settles it.
You're coming with us.
Let's move.
I said we're going on an adventure
Pretty incredible, huh?
Mamma mia.
I'll never let anyone ruin this.
Sire.
What?
A report from our intelligence.
A mustachioed human has arrived
in the Mushroom Kingdom.
The princess has been training him.
They are up to something, sire.
Sit.
Jam with me.
This human, where did he come from?
We aren't sure.
Does the princess like him?
Sire. Look in the mirror.
You have nothing to worry about.
I know that. I'm not threatened.
Find out who he is
and what they're planning!
I'm on it, sire.
May I lift the cover?
Not yet. Pain is the best teacher.
Thinking about your brother?
We've never been apart this long.
Don't worry. We're going to save him.
You don't seem like you're from here.
I don't know where I'm from.
- Really?
- Yep.
My earliest memory is arriving.
I was so lucky they found me.
They took me in.
Raised me like one of their own.
And when I was ready...
they made me their princess.
Hey, maybe you're from my world.
There's a huge universe out there
with a lot of galaxies.
We found him in the Dark Lands.
Leave him to me.
What is your name?
Luigi.
Not sure if you know who I am
but I'm about to marry a princess
and rule the world.
Wow...
Yay.
But there's one problem, Luigi.
There's a human
traveling with my fiancée.
Has a mustache.
Just like you.
Do you know him?
No. No!
Ah, a tough one, I see.
Maybe this will get you to talk.
Do you think I know
every human being with a mustache
wearing an identical outfit
with a hat with
the letter of his first name on it?
Because I don't.
Do you know him?
Stop... I know him.
Yes, I know him.
Yeah, he's my brother, Mario,
and he's the best guy in the world.
Do princesses find him attractive?
They do if they have good taste.
Get him out of my sight.
We'll see how tough this Mario is
when he watches me kill his brother.
Where am I?
Home.
Pay him no heed.
He is cute, but he is...
In an insane world,
it is the sane who is called crazy.
How long you guys been in here?
Time, like hope, is an illusion.
Please. We are depressed enough.
There's gotta be a way outta here.
There is no escape.
The only hope is
the sweet relief of death.
You've got to be kidding me.
You ready?
Sure?
What?
How you doing?
We are here to see the king.
Follow me.
That gorilla's wearing a sports coat.
Feel underdressed.
Hop in.
Oh, by all means, come in.
Great and mighty Cranky Kong...
So I heard you want my army.
Yes, Your Highness.
Without your help
the Mushroom Kingdom
will be annihilated.
What makes you think
you're worthy of fighting alongside
the greatest army in the world?
Because we have heart.
And with your strength, we can win.
Okay, fine.
- That's it?
- No, that's not it.
The answer is no. Goodbye.
If the Mushroom Kingdom falls,
the Jungle Kingdom is next.
We're not leaving without your army.
Who is this guy?
Oh, he makes me laugh.
All right, tough guy.
You want my army so badly
defeat my son
in the Great Ring of Kong!
Give us a second.
This is a really, really bad idea.
Well, do you have another way
to save my brother?
Are you two done whispering?
It's a little rude.
You, sir, have a deal.
I'll fight your son and win.
I'm sure you will.
I am DK.
I'm Donkey Kong.
Oh, yeah!
- Hi, Dad! Hi!
- No, don't.
Don't do that.
Dad, wave back.
Enough with the showboating.
What do you mean? They like it.
It's what they came here for.
Dancing pecs.
Okay, simmer down.
DK...!
I said simmer down!
That means you, Diddy Kong!
D... Sorry.
Now, since I want this fight to last
more than five seconds
I put Power-Ups around the arena.
You're welcome, Mario.
I don't need anything special to
break every bone in your tiny body!
All right.
Get him!
Oh! My... Okay.
Guess you're not getting my army.
Is this what you came for?
We love you, DK!
Hi, Dad! Love you!
It is on like Donkey Kong!
You're about to pick
on someone your own size.
Yeah!
I guess he got the wrong mushroom.
Get up, Mario!
Had enough?
Not even close.
Mario!
It's-a me.
The box!
He looks adorable.
He really does.
Oh, what? I'm a cat?
You got the cat box!
Oh, my...
I'm sorry... Okay.
Now you die.
I'm a cat.
Meow.
Had enough?
Not even close.
I'll take that as a yes.
Mario...!
Yes! That's my best friend!
Yeah...
Mario...!
That was incredible.
- He kept beating you senseless...
- Hey.
And you just kept getting back up?
You just don't know when to quit.
Well, never thought of that
as a good thing.
It's a great thing.
Thanks. I...
I let him win. Just for the record.
Really, though?
Why would you do that?
You wanna know why?
It's mind your own business,
that's why.
- All right, giant monkey...
- Enough!
Get inside.
We've located Bowser's ship.
He's gonna arrive
at the Mushroom Kingdom by sundown.
Lucky for you guys, I got a shortcut.
We beat him there and ambush him.
Yeah, I know.
That's why we're gonna need karts!
Well, what are you waiting for?
Pick your karts.
I hate you.
To the Mushroom Kingdom
and the biggest fight of our lives.
Here we go!
Yeah!
Princess Peach, here we are.
I guess love really makes a guy
come out of his shell.
Let's rule the world.
Together. Forever.
Will you marry me?
Oh, yes!
What?
We have found the princess
and the mustachioed human.
He has defeated Donkey Kong
and won the Kong army.
So, like, Peach was super impressed?
It appears so, yes.
They are heading
toward their secret passage.
Oh, they think
they can surprise me, huh?
Two can play at that game.
No one panic,
but the road is about to end.
Well, then you better step on the gas
and buckle up.
Is there anything like this
in your world?
What?
Is there anything
like this in your world?
No.
We don't drive on rainbows.
What are you gonna tell me next?
That the turtles aren't evil?
No, no. They're usually pets.
No way.
Eh, come to Brooklyn.
I'll buy you a turtle.
Maybe I will.
Dude, is this you flirting?
This is painful.
Just... I was trying to be nice.
You are so embarrassing.
A princess would
never go out with you.
Yes, she would.
I guarantee she would.
Guys, enough.
All right...
Attack!
It's an ambush!
Defensive positions!
Mario, you're a dead man.
Split up!
Mario!
I'm too cute to die!
That is how you princess!
Time to die, Mario.
See ya!
No!
Yeah!
You can't escape me!
What?
Blue shell!
No!
No, Mario!
No...!
Get your clown claws off of me!
Goodbye, Mario.
We have to get home.
Hey! This is your fault!
- My fault? You're the one who...
- Stop talking!
I don't want the last thing
I hear before I die to be your...
Mario, you saved my life.
Yeah, well, I won't tell anyone.
Good. Please don't.
Okay.
Did you just feel something?
Swim!
Bowser's on his way.
You have to evacuate.
Hurry! Get out of the city!
Princess?
We lost the army.
And Mario's gone.
Bowser is coming.
Head into the forest.
I'll buy you some time.
You heard her. Evacuate the city.
Go with the others.
I said I wouldn't
let anyone hurt you.
Run!
Just leave it! There's no time!
Princess Peach.
Brave as ever.
As you can see,
I have the Super Star.
If you're going to use it,
use it now.
No, Princess.
I stole this star for us.
I guess love really makes a guy
come out of his shell.
I told you that line wouldn't work.
You're doing great.
Peaches, with this star,
we will be invincible.
We can rule the world
together. Forever.
Will you marry me?
Marry you? Are you insane?
I would never marry you.
Maybe you should reconsider.
No!
Stop!
Please, stop.
I'll... I'll marry you.
Just don't hurt my Toads.
You have my word.
Time for a wedding!
Life is sad
Prison is sad
Life in prison is very, very sad
Ooh, fresh meat for the grinder.
Who's this ray of sunshine?
There's no sunshine. Only darkness.
Shut up...!
Hello, prisoners.
You don't deserve this, but
you're invited to the royal wedding!
Yay!
Where you will all be
ritualistically sacrificed!
Oh, no...!
Finally. Mercy.
Mario.
So, this is the end.
Being slowly digested by an eel,
next to an idiot in overalls.
Well, at least your brother
isn't gonna die because of you.
At least you're not gonna die
with your dad thinking you're a joke.
Yeah, well,
my dad thinks I'm a joke too.
Yeah, well
your dad's right!
You know what? I feel bad enough.
Just leave me alone.
I've never met your dad,
but he sounds brilliant.
Just go in a corner
and smash some stuff, smash monkey.
I am more
than a guy who smashes things!
That was amazing.
Now we're even!
Princess, I got it.
Great job.
Couldn't have you going out there
without your bouquet.
It's perfect.
I'll be sacrificing them
in your honor.
Lower the prisoners!
Dearly belove...
Huh?
Drama.
You really thought I'd marry you?
- Kinda.
- I'd never marry a monster.
Then we are breaking up right now!
Yeah!
They gotta be up there.
Fire!
You wanna do this?
Yes, I do.
Yes! Fire!
This is fun!
Loser.
Hey, what does this do?
Whoa. Yeah!
Cool raccoon suit.
- Really?
- Not at all.
What?
Boo.
- Lu!
- Mario?
I told ya. See?
As long as we're together,
everything is gonna be okay.
Mario, why do you look like a bear?
What is this?
Ya did good, kid.
Make your pecs dance. You deserve it.
No time now. Definitely later.
Launch the Bomber Bill
and destroy the Mushroom Kingdom!
No.
Hey... over here.
You asked for it.
Hello.
Really?
Follow me.
Come on.
Little closer.
Mamma mia.
Huh?
- That's beautiful.
- You made these, right?
Brooklyn?
Mario?
You almost dented my...
Mario!
You want this?
You ruined my wedding!
I was finally gonna be happy!
Now you will suffer!
Like me!
You really thought you could stop me?
You worthless, weak little nothing.
Come out and fight.
Or are you too scared?
Just what I thought.
Mamma mia!
That's a-why
the Super Mario Brothers are here.
a-to save Brooklyn.
save Brooklyn... Brooklyn.
save Brooklyn.
Let's-a go.
Hey.
Leave him alone.
Mario?
You just don't know when to quit.
Yeah. I've been told that before.
Mario!
The star!
No! That's mine!
Lu.
"Nothing can hurt us
as long as we're together."
No!
Huh?
Rip them to pieces!
Oh, hey, Spike.
Luigi?
No!
Mamma mia!
Peaches.
Listen. This is not
the way I pictured it
but give me one more chance.
Ew. No.
No...
Hey...!
That is not cool.
He got the blue mushroom.
Eh? I told you
I'd get you a pet turtle.
Not bad, Mustache.
And, Luigi, you're so brave.
Oh. Thanks...
Yeah, it's kinda my thing.
My boys.
My heroes.
Mario, you were amazing.
Thanks, Dad.
Bring it in!
Yeah!
Let's hear it
for the Super Mario Brothers!
These are my boys!
Hey.
Yes!
Now, that's a happy ending.
Or is it?
Because everything's over now
and all that's left
is you and the infinite void.
Kind of makes you
want to play saxophone, huh?